fix(docs): warn java users setting alloc/lock to 0 is not a good idea (#2352)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/configure-client/language-sdks/java.md

| Flag                                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|---------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `PYROSCOPE_FORMAT`                          | sets the profiler output format. The default is `collapsed`, but in order to support multiple formats it must be set to `jfr`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: side note: we should probably switch to jfr by default

Author: hehe, I already did it this morning https://github.com/grafana/pyroscope-java/pull/112/files#diff-99f8fe330b16fd778c4e54482fe3f5e9ba425b5dd458fbcf9858e3ef74e0d786R70

| `PYROSCOPE_PROFILER_EVENT`                  | sets the profiler event. With JFR format enabled, this event refers to one of the possible CPU profiling events: `itimer`, `cpu`, `wall`. The default is `itimer`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `PYROSCOPE_PROFILER_ALLOC`                  | sets the allocation threshold to register the events, in bytes (equivalent to `--alloc=` in `async-profiler`). The default value is `""` - empty string, which means that allocation profiling is disabled. Setting to 0 registers every event, causing significant overhead and results in large profiles, making it not ideal for production. We recommend a starting value of 512k, adjusting as needed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `PYROSCOPE_PROFILER_ALLOC`                  | sets the allocation threshold to register the events, in bytes (equivalent to `--alloc=` in `async-profiler`). The default value is `""` - empty string, which means that allocation profiling is disabled. Setting it to 0 will register every event, causing significant CPU and network overhead, making it not suitable production environments. We recommend setting a starting value of 512k and adjusting it as needed. |
```
